aws-ssm-rename(1) - rename AWS SSM parameters
=================================================================

## SYNOPSIS

`aws-ssm-rename` [<options>] <expression> <replacement> <parameter>...

## OPTIONS

The following options match the behavior of `rename(1)`:

  * `-v`, `--verbose`:
    Show which files were renamed, if any.

  * `-n`, `--no-act`:
    Do not make any changes; add `--verbose` to see what would be made.

  * `-a`, `--all`:
    Replace all occurrences of <expression> rather than the first one.

  * `-o`, `--no-overwrite`:
    Do not overwrite existing parameters.

  * `-i`, `--interactive`:
    Ask before overwriting existing parameters.

  * `-h`, `--help`:
    Display help text and exit.

  * `-V`, `--version`:
    Print version and exit.

The following options are specific to us:

  * `-g`, `--no-glob`:
    Don't consider <parameter> arguments as globs and rename only those
    parameters that match them exactly. This avoids having to list all
    parameters in the account, which may be prohibitively expensive for some
    users.

The following `rename(1)` options are not implemented by us:

  * `-s`, `--symlink`:
  * `-l`, `--last`:

## WARNING

The renaming has no safeguards by default or without any one of the options
`--no-overwrite`, `--interactive` or `--no-act`. If the user has permission to
rewrite parameters, the command will perform the action without any questions.

## EDGE CASES

Normally, only the final path component of a filename is updated. But if either
`expression` or `replacement` contains a `/`, the full path is updated. This can
cause a file to be moved between folders. Since folders are just prefixes in
SSM, "creating" a new folder may occur from this operation.

## EXIT STATUS

  * **0**:
    all requested rename operations were successful

  * **1**:
    all rename operations failed

  * **2**:
    some rename operations failed

  * **4**:
    nothing was renamed

  * **64**:
    unanticipated error occurred

## ENVIRONMENT

  * `AWS_SSM_RENAME_DEBUG`:
    Set this to `1` to emit debug messages on `stderr`.

## EXAMPLES

Given the parameters <foo1>, ..., <foo9>, <foo10>, ..., <foo278>, the commands

    aws-ssm-rename foo foo00 "foo?"
    aws-ssm-rename foo foo0 "foo??"

will turn then into <foo001>, ..., <foo009>, <foo010>, ..., <foo278>. And

    aws-ssm-rename /dev /prod "/dev/*"

will move parameters between environments. Provide an empty string for
shortening.

    aws-ssm-rename -- "-with-long-name" "" "/*/parameter-with-long-name/*"

will remove the substring in the parameter names.

## SEE ALSO

rename(1)
